README.md, before:

# Holiday-History-Map

## Description
As borders open up and traveling restriction are lifted, you may be thinking about planning your next vacation. Use Holiday History Map app to search the United States holiday dates in 2022 to see when you can buy plane tickets for your trip. 

Then search for the country you are traveling to, say Mexico, and learn about the local holidays that may be happening while you are there. Traveling at the end of October to Mexico? Learn about Dia De Los Muertos. This app helps educate yourself on local customs and history, AND helps you plan your next vaction based on your local holidays.

### Links
Deployed at: https://sterlingw56.github.io/Holiday-History-Map/

Reposistory at: https://github.com/SterlingW56/Holiday-History-Map 

### Screenshot
![App Screenshot](./assets/images/snapshot.png)

### Wireframe Desktop

![App Screenshot](./assets/images/wire-frame-desktop.png)

### Wireframe Mobile

![App Screenshot](./assets/images/snapshot.png)

#### Colors 

Orange #883808

Black #040404

Brown #61371b

Grey #6a5a5c

Commit message:

removed un-nedded axios reference in JS. Added APIs used section with links to the README

README.md, after:

# Holiday-History-Map

## Description
As borders open up and traveling restriction are lifted, you may be thinking about planning your next vacation. Use Holiday History Map app to search the United States holiday dates in 2022 to see when you can buy plane tickets for your trip. 

Then search for the country you are traveling to, say Mexico, and learn about the local holidays that may be happening while you are there. Traveling at the end of October to Mexico? Learn about Dia De Los Muertos. This app helps educate yourself on local customs and history, AND helps you plan your next vaction based on your local holidays.

### Links
Deployed at: https://sterlingw56.github.io/Holiday-History-Map/

Reposistory at: https://github.com/SterlingW56/Holiday-History-Map 

### APIs used
Public Holiday by API Guy
https://rapidapi.com/theapiguy/api/public-holiday/ 

Youtube v3 by ytdlfree
https://rapidapi.com/ytdlfree/api/youtube-v31/ 

### Screenshot
![App Screenshot](./assets/images/snapshot.png)

### Wireframe Desktop

![App Screenshot](./assets/images/wire-frame-desktop.png)

### Wireframe Mobile

![App Screenshot](./assets/images/snapshot.png)

#### Colors 

Orange #883808

Black #040404

Brown #61371b

Grey #6a5a5c
